#299: paid content explanation (#309)
OWASP/owasp-masvs: Document/0x03-Using_the_MASVS.md

- Financial Industry: Online banking apps that allow the user to move funds, where techniques such as code injection and instrumentation on compromised devices pose a risk. In this case, controls from MASVS-R can be used to impede tampering, raising the bar for malware authors.

- All mobile apps that, by design, need to store sensitive data on the mobile device, and at the same time must support a wide range of devices and operating system versions. In this case, resiliency controls can be used as a defense-in-depth measure to increase the effort for attackers aiming to extract the sensitive data.

> - Apps with paid content. Allthough we recommend to use server-side and L2 controls to protect paid content, there can be cases where there is no possibilities to use server-side protection. In that case, R level controls can make it harder to "hack" the apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apps with in-app purchases should ideally use server-side and MASVS-L2 controls to protect paid content. However, there may be cases where there is no possibility to use server-side protection. In those cases, MASVS-R controls should be additionally applied in order to increase the reversing and/or tampering effort.
```
